website/docs/index.html.markdown, before:

---
layout: "ccloud"
page_title: "Provider: Converged Cloud"
sidebar_current: "docs-ccloud-index"
description: |-
  The Converged Cloud provider is used to interact with the many resources supported by Converged Cloud. The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.
---

# Converged Cloud Provider

The Converged Cloud provider is used to interact with the
many resources supported by Converged Cloud. The provider needs to be configured
with the proper credentials before it can be used.

Use the navigation to the left to read about the available resources.

# Installing the provider

Download a
[binary release](https://github.com/sapcc/terraform-provider-ccloud/releases)
for your OS, unpack the archive and follow the official Terraform documentation
to know how to
[install third-party providers](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/providers.html#third-party-plugins).

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Configure the Converged Cloud Provider
provider "ccloud" {
  user_name   = "admin"
  tenant_name = "admin"
  password    = "pwd"
  auth_url    = "http://myauthurl:5000/v2.0"
  region      = "RegionOne"
}

# Create a Kubernetes cluster
resource "ccloud_kubernetes_v1" "test-cluster" {
  # ...
}
```

## Configuration Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `auth_url` - (Optional; required if `cloud` is not specified) The Identity
  authentication URL. If omitted, the `OS_AUTH_URL` environment variable is used.

* `cloud` - (Optional; required if `auth_url` is not specified) An entry in a
  `clouds.yaml` file. See the Converged Cloud `os-client-config`
  [documentation](https://docs.openstack.org/os-client-config/latest/user/configuration.html)
  for more information about `clouds.yaml` files. If omitted, the `OS_CLOUD`
  environment variable is used.

* `region` - (Optional) The region of the Converged Cloud cloud to use. If omitted,
  the `OS_REGION_NAME` environment variable is used. If `OS_REGION_NAME` is
  not set, then no region will be used. It should be possible to omit the
  region in single-region Converged Cloud environments, but this behavior may vary
  depending on the Converged Cloud environment being used.

* `user_name` - (Optional) The Username to login with. If omitted, the
  `OS_USERNAME` environment variable is used.

* `user_id` - (Optional) The User ID to login with. If omitted, the
  `OS_USER_ID` environment variable is used.

* `application_credential_id` - (Optional) (Identity v3 only) The ID of an
    application credential to authenticate with. An
    `application_credential_secret` has to bet set along with this parameter.

* `application_credential_name` - (Optional) (Identity v3 only) The name of an
    application credential to authenticate with. Conflicts with the
    `application_credential_name`, requires `user_id`, or `user_name` and
    `user_domain_name` (or `user_domain_id`) to be set.

* `application_credential_secret` - (Optional) (Identity v3 only) The secret of an
    application credential to authenticate with. Required by
    `application_credential_id` or `application_credential_name`.

* `tenant_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Tenant (Identity v2) or Project
  (Identity v3) to login with. If omitted, the `OS_TENANT_ID` or
  `OS_PROJECT_ID` environment variables are used.

* `tenant_name` - (Optional) The Name of the Tenant (Identity v2) or Project
  (Identity v3) to login with. If omitted, the `OS_TENANT_NAME` or
  `OS_PROJECT_NAME` environment variable are used.

* `password` - (Optional) The Password to login with. If omitted, the
  `OS_PASSWORD` environment variable is used.

* `token` - (Optional; Required if not using `user_name` and `password`)
  A token is an expiring, temporary means of access issued via the Keystone
  service. By specifying a token, you do not have to specify a username/password
  combination, since the token was already created by a username/password out of
  band of Terraform. If omitted, the `OS_TOKEN` or `OS_AUTH_TOKEN` environment
  variables are used.

* `user_domain_name` - (Optional) The domain name where the user is located. If
  omitted, the `OS_USER_DOMAIN_NAME` environment variable is checked.

* `user_domain_id` - (Optional) The domain ID where the user is located. If
  omitted, the `OS_USER_DOMAIN_ID` environment variable is checked.

* `project_domain_name` - (Optional) The domain name where the project is
  located. If omitted, the `OS_PROJECT_DOMAIN_NAME` environment variable is
  checked.

* `project_domain_id` - (Optional) The domain ID where the project is located
  If omitted, the `OS_PROJECT_DOMAIN_ID` environment variable is checked.

* `domain_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Domain to scope to (Identity v3). If
  omitted, the `OS_DOMAIN_ID` environment variable is checked.

* `domain_name` - (Optional) The Name of the Domain to scope to (Identity v3).
  If omitted, the following environment variables are checked (in this order):
  `OS_DOMAIN_NAME`.

* `default_domain` - (Optional) The ID of the Domain to scope to if no other
  domain is specified (Identity v3). If omitted, the environment variable
  `OS_DEFAULT_DOMAIN` is checked or a default value of "default" will be
  used.

* `insecure` - (Optional) Trust self-signed SSL certificates. If omitted, the
  `OS_INSECURE` environment variable is used.

* `cacert_file` - (Optional) Specify a custom CA certificate when communicating
  over SSL. You can specify either a path to the file or the contents of the
  certificate. If omitted, the `OS_CACERT` environment variable is used.

* `cert` - (Optional) Specify client certificate file for SSL client
  authentication. You can specify either a path to the file or the contents of
  the certificate. If omitted the `OS_CERT` environment variable is used.

* `key` - (Optional) Specify client private key file for SSL client
  authentication. You can specify either a path to the file or the contents of
  the key. If omitted the `OS_KEY` environment variable is used.

* `endpoint_type` - (Optional) Specify which type of endpoint to use from the
  service catalog. It can be set using the OS_ENDPOINT_TYPE environment
  variable. If not set, public endpoints is used.

* `endpoint_overrides` - (Optional) A set of key/value pairs that can
  override an endpoint for a specified Converged Cloud service. Setting an override
  requires you to specify the full and complete endpoint URL. This might
  also invalidate any region you have set, too. Please see below for more details.
  Please use this at your own risk.

## Overriding Service API Endpoints

There might be a situation in which you want or need to override an API endpoint
rather than use the endpoint which was returned to you in the service catalog.
You can do this by configuring the `endpoint_overrides` argument in the provider
configuration:

```hcl
provider "ccloud" {

  endpoint_overrides = {
    "arc"        = "https://arc.example.com/api/v1/"
    "automation" = "https://lyra.example.com:8776/api/v1/"
  }

}
```

Note how each URL ends in a "/" and the `volumev2` service includes the
tenant/project UUID. You must make sure you specify the full and complete
endpoint URL for this to work.

The service keys are the standard service entries used in the Converged Cloud
Identity/Keystone service catalog. This provider supports:

* `arc`: Arc / Arc v1
* `automation`: Automation / Lyra v1
* `resources`: Quota / Limes v1
* `kubernikus`: Kubernetes / Kubernikus
* `sapcc-billing`: Billing

Please use this feature at your own risk. If you are unsure about needing
to override an endpoint, you most likely do not need to override one.

## Additional Logging

This provider has the ability to log all HTTP requests and responses between
Terraform and the Converged Cloud cloud which is useful for troubleshooting and
debugging.

To enable these logs, set the `OS_DEBUG` environment variable to `1` along
with the usual `TF_LOG=DEBUG` environment variable:

```shell
$ OS_DEBUG=1 TF_LOG=DEBUG terraform apply
```

If you submit these logs with a bug report, please ensure any sensitive
information has been scrubbed first!

Commit message:

Core: sync the logic changes from the openstack provider

website/docs/index.html.markdown, after:

---
layout: "ccloud"
page_title: "Provider: Converged Cloud"
sidebar_current: "docs-ccloud-index"
description: |-
  The Converged Cloud provider is used to interact with the many resources supported by Converged Cloud. The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.
---

# Converged Cloud Provider

The Converged Cloud provider is used to interact with the
many resources supported by Converged Cloud. The provider needs to be configured
with the proper credentials before it can be used.

Use the navigation to the left to read about the available resources.

# Installing the provider

Download a
[binary release](https://github.com/sapcc/terraform-provider-ccloud/releases)
for your OS, unpack the archive and follow the official Terraform documentation
to know how to
[install third-party providers](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/providers.html#third-party-plugins).

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Configure the Converged Cloud Provider
provider "ccloud" {
  user_name   = "admin"
  tenant_name = "admin"
  password    = "pwd"
  auth_url    = "http://myauthurl:5000/v2.0"
  region      = "RegionOne"
}

# Create a Kubernetes cluster
resource "ccloud_kubernetes_v1" "test-cluster" {
  # ...
}
```

## Configuration Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `auth_url` - (Optional; required if `cloud` is not specified) The Identity
  authentication URL. If omitted, the `OS_AUTH_URL` environment variable is used.

* `cloud` - (Optional; required if `auth_url` is not specified) An entry in a
  `clouds.yaml` file. See the Converged Cloud `os-client-config`
  [documentation](https://docs.openstack.org/os-client-config/latest/user/configuration.html)
  for more information about `clouds.yaml` files. If omitted, the `OS_CLOUD`
  environment variable is used.

* `region` - (Optional) The region of the Converged Cloud cloud to use. If omitted,
  the `OS_REGION_NAME` environment variable is used. If `OS_REGION_NAME` is
  not set, then no region will be used. It should be possible to omit the
  region in single-region Converged Cloud environments, but this behavior may vary
  depending on the Converged Cloud environment being used.

* `user_name` - (Optional) The Username to login with. If omitted, the
  `OS_USERNAME` environment variable is used.

* `user_id` - (Optional) The User ID to login with. If omitted, the
  `OS_USER_ID` environment variable is used.

* `application_credential_id` - (Optional) (Identity v3 only) The ID of an
    application credential to authenticate with. An
    `application_credential_secret` has to bet set along with this parameter.

* `application_credential_name` - (Optional) (Identity v3 only) The name of an
    application credential to authenticate with. Conflicts with the
    `application_credential_name`, requires `user_id`, or `user_name` and
    `user_domain_name` (or `user_domain_id`) to be set.

* `application_credential_secret` - (Optional) (Identity v3 only) The secret of an
    application credential to authenticate with. Required by
    `application_credential_id` or `application_credential_name`.

* `tenant_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Tenant (Identity v2) or Project
  (Identity v3) to login with. If omitted, the `OS_TENANT_ID` or
  `OS_PROJECT_ID` environment variables are used.

* `tenant_name` - (Optional) The Name of the Tenant (Identity v2) or Project
  (Identity v3) to login with. If omitted, the `OS_TENANT_NAME` or
  `OS_PROJECT_NAME` environment variable are used.

* `password` - (Optional) The Password to login with. If omitted, the
  `OS_PASSWORD` environment variable is used.

* `token` - (Optional; Required if not using `user_name` and `password`)
  A token is an expiring, temporary means of access issued via the Keystone
  service. By specifying a token, you do not have to specify a username/password
  combination, since the token was already created by a username/password out of
  band of Terraform. If omitted, the `OS_TOKEN` or `OS_AUTH_TOKEN` environment
  variables are used.

* `user_domain_name` - (Optional) The domain name where the user is located. If
  omitted, the `OS_USER_DOMAIN_NAME` environment variable is checked.

* `user_domain_id` - (Optional) The domain ID where the user is located. If
  omitted, the `OS_USER_DOMAIN_ID` environment variable is checked.

* `project_domain_name` - (Optional) The domain name where the project is
  located. If omitted, the `OS_PROJECT_DOMAIN_NAME` environment variable is
  checked.

* `project_domain_id` - (Optional) The domain ID where the project is located
  If omitted, the `OS_PROJECT_DOMAIN_ID` environment variable is checked.

* `domain_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Domain to scope to (Identity v3). If
  omitted, the `OS_DOMAIN_ID` environment variable is checked.

* `domain_name` - (Optional) The Name of the Domain to scope to (Identity v3).
  If omitted, the following environment variables are checked (in this order):
  `OS_DOMAIN_NAME`.

* `default_domain` - (Optional) The ID of the Domain to scope to if no other
  domain is specified (Identity v3). If omitted, the environment variable
  `OS_DEFAULT_DOMAIN` is checked or a default value of "default" will be
  used.

* `insecure` - (Optional) Trust self-signed SSL certificates. If omitted, the
  `OS_INSECURE` environment variable is used.

* `cacert_file` - (Optional) Specify a custom CA certificate when communicating
  over SSL. You can specify either a path to the file or the contents of the
  certificate. If omitted, the `OS_CACERT` environment variable is used.

* `cert` - (Optional) Specify client certificate file for SSL client
  authentication. You can specify either a path to the file or the contents of
  the certificate. If omitted the `OS_CERT` environment variable is used.

* `key` - (Optional) Specify client private key file for SSL client
  authentication. You can specify either a path to the file or the contents of
  the key. If omitted the `OS_KEY` environment variable is used.

* `endpoint_type` - (Optional) Specify which type of endpoint to use from the
  service catalog. It can be set using the OS_ENDPOINT_TYPE environment
  variable. If not set, public endpoints is used.

* `endpoint_overrides` - (Optional) A set of key/value pairs that can
  override an endpoint for a specified Converged Cloud service. Setting an override
  requires you to specify the full and complete endpoint URL. This might
  also invalidate any region you have set, too. Please see below for more details.
  Please use this at your own risk.

* `disable_no_cache_header` - (Optional) If set to `true`, the HTTP
  `Cache-Control: no-cache` header will not be added by default to all API requests.
  If omitted this header is added to all API requests to force HTTP caches (if any)
  to go upstream instead of serving cached responses.

* `delayed_auth` - (Optional) If set to `true`, OpenStack authorization will be perfomed,
  when the service provider client is called.

## Overriding Service API Endpoints

There might be a situation in which you want or need to override an API endpoint
rather than use the endpoint which was returned to you in the service catalog.
You can do this by configuring the `endpoint_overrides` argument in the provider
configuration:

```hcl
provider "ccloud" {

  endpoint_overrides = {
    "arc"        = "https://arc.example.com/api/v1/"
    "automation" = "https://lyra.example.com:8776/api/v1/"
  }

}
```

Note how each URL ends in a "/" and the `volumev2` service includes the
tenant/project UUID. You must make sure you specify the full and complete
endpoint URL for this to work.

The service keys are the standard service entries used in the Converged Cloud
Identity/Keystone service catalog. This provider supports:

* `arc`: Arc / Arc v1
* `automation`: Automation / Lyra v1
* `resources`: Quota / Limes v1
* `kubernikus`: Kubernetes / Kubernikus
* `sapcc-billing`: Billing

Please use this feature at your own risk. If you are unsure about needing
to override an endpoint, you most likely do not need to override one.

## Additional Logging

This provider has the ability to log all HTTP requests and responses between
Terraform and the Converged Cloud cloud which is useful for troubleshooting and
debugging.

To enable these logs, set the `OS_DEBUG` environment variable to `1` along
with the usual `TF_LOG=DEBUG` environment variable:

```shell
$ OS_DEBUG=1 TF_LOG=DEBUG terraform apply
```

If you submit these logs with a bug report, please ensure any sensitive
information has been scrubbed first!
